Disclosure The authors report no conflicts of interest in this work.
Conflicts of Interest: None declared.
These authors have declared that no competing interest exist.
Competing interests: None declared.
Complaince with ethical standards Funding No funding of external funding agencies was received to conduct this study. Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest. Animal care All applicable international, national, and/or institutional guidelines for the care and use of animals were followed.
• Conflict of interest: none declared.
The authors have declared that no competing interest exists.
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
Conflict-of-interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest.
The authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose. The authors verify that they have full control of all primary data and agree, if requested, to allow the journal to verify the data from which all analyses were derived.
The authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose.
There are no conflicts of interest.
No potential conflict of interest relevant to this article was reported.
The authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.
‘None declared’.
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interest exists.
The authors declare no conflict of interest.
There is no competing of interest to declare.
Conflict-of-interest statement: The authors have no conflict of interest to declare.
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST The authors declare no competing interests.
The authors declare no competing interest.
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST Disclose any potential conflicts of interest.
Nil.
Declaration of conflicting interests: The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.
The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.
The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST: The authors declare that there is no potential conflict of interest relevant to this article.
The authors report no conflicts of interest in this work.
Conflict of Interest: There is no conflict of interest to be declared.
Conflicts of interest: There are no known conflicts of interest for any of the authors.
Competing Interests:KI, KY, and YK declare thatthey have no competing interests. MH is an employeeof Chugai Pharmaceutical Co, Ltd. TT has receivedgrants from Astellas Pharma Inc, Bristol-Myers KK,Chugai Pharmaceutical Co, Ltd, Daiichi Sankyo Co, Ltd, Eisai Co, Ltd, Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corp,Pfizer Japan, Santen Pharmaceutical Co, Ltd, TakedaPharmaceutical Co, Ltd, Teijin Pharma Ltd, AbbVieGK, Asahi Kasei Pharma Corp, Taisho ToyamaPharmaceutical Co, Ltd, and SymBioPharmaceuticals Ltd; speaking fees from AbbVie GK,Bristol-Myers KK, Chugai Pharmaceutical Co, Ltd,Eisai Co, Ltd, Janssen Pharmaceutical KK, MitsubishiTanabe Pharma Corp, Pfizer Japan Inc, TakedaPharmaceutical Co, Ltd, Astellas Pharma Inc, andDaiichi Sankyo Co, Ltd; and consultant fees fromAstra Zeneca KK, Eli Lilly Japan KK, NovartisPharma KK, Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corp, AsahiKasei Medical Co, Ltd, AbbVie GK, Daiichi SankyoCo, Ltd, and Bristol-Myers KK. All of the authorsdeclare that they have no non-financial conflicts ofinterest. This does not alter the authors' adherence toPLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.
AcknowledgementsThere is no conflict of interest by any of the authors.
Conflicts of InterestThere are no conflicts of interest.
The authors have no funding or conflicts of interest to disclose.
Conflict of interest The author declares no conflict of interest.
Competing interests None declared.
DisclosuresThe authors have no financial conflicts of interest.
Competing interests The authors declare that they have no competing interests
Conflict of interest None declared.
Conflict of Interest Statement: The authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.
Competing interests The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
Disclosures Dr Masoudi has received funding support from the American College of Cardiology for his role as the Senior Medical Officer of the National Cardiovascular Data Registries. Dr Spertus has received a grant from Lilly for different projects unrelated to the content of this article. The authors declare no other relevant conflicts of interest.
Competing Interests: These authors have declared that no competing interest exist.
No conflict of interest declared.
Disclosure CAS and IB are consultants for Lundbeck Pharmaceuticals
competing interests None declared.
Duality of interest The authors declare that there is no duality of interest associated with this manuscript.
Conflict of interest: None.
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.
﻿Disclosure of Potential Conflicts of Interest No potential conflicts of interest were disclosed. Editor's Disclosures The following editor(s) reported relevant financial relationships: S.E. Bates reports receiving a commercial research grant from Celgene via CRADA with NCI and is a consultant/advisory board member for Celgene. CME Staff Planners' Disclosures The members of the planning committee have no real or apparent conflicts of interest to disclose.
Conflitos de interesse Os autores declaram não haver conflitos de interesse.
The authors have disclosed no conflicts of interest.
Disclosure of Potential Conflicts of Interest No potential conflicts of interest were disclosed.
Conflict of interest statement • Conflict of interest: none declared.
Disclosure of interest The author declares that he has no competing interest.
Conflict of interest Disclosures The authors declare no competing financial interests.
Disclosure. Authors have no conflict of interests, and
Dr. Brown serves as co-chair for the National Academy of Medicine Forum on Children’s Cognitive, Behavioral, and Affective Health, from which aspects of this manuscript were inspired. The authors report no additional conflicts of interest related to the study design; collection, analysis, or interpretation of data; writing the report; or the decision to submit for publication.Gracelyn Cruden, C. Hendricks Brown, and Sheppard Kellam were supported by National Institute on Drug Abuse Grant P30-DA027828. No additional financial disclosures were reported by the authors of this manuscript.
Disclosure Statement Dr. Zetterberg reports that he is a cofounder of Brain Biomarker Solutions in Gothenburg AB, a GU Venture-based platform company at the University of Gothenburg. Dr. Blennow reports personal fees from Fujirebio Europe, IBL International, and Roche Diagnostics, outside the submitted work. The other authors have no disclosures to report.
Competing Interests The authors have declared that no competing interest exists.
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
Conflicts of interest Rike van Eekeren, Lea`n Rolfes, Andries Koster, Lara Magro, Gurumurthy Parthasarathi, Hussain al Ramimmy, Tim Schutte, Daisuke Tanaka, Euge`ne van Puijenbroek and Linda Ha¨rmark have no conflicts of interest that are directly relevant to the content of this study.
Conflicts of interest None.
Disclosure of potential conflicts of interest No potential conflict of interest were disclosed.
DisclosuresI declare that I participated in the design of the study, the analysis ofthe data and the writing of the manuscript. In addition I declare that Ihave no conflicts of interests–Patrick G. Lan.Both co-authors, Jon Hyett & Adrian Gillin contributed to the designof the study and the writing of the manuscript, and declare that theyhave no conflicts of interest.
Conflict of Interest Sellam Karunanithi, Shambo Guha Roy, Punit Sharma, Rajni Yadav, Chandrasekhar Bal and Rakesh Kumar declare that they have no conflict of interest.
Competing financial interests: The authors declare no competing financial interests.
Conflict of interests The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.
Conflict of interest The authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose.
The authors declare no competing financial interests.
Potential Conflict of Interest No potential conflict of interest relevant to this article was reported.
Conflict of interest. None declared.
Potential conflicts of interest. All authors: No reported conflicts.
Conflicts of Interest: The authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose.
Disclosures Su Jin Kim, Cheol Woong Choi, Dae Hwan Kang, Hyung Wook Kim, Su Bum Park, Hyeong Seok Nam, and Dae Gon Ryu have no conflicts of interest or financial ties to disclose.
Competing interests: The author declares that no competing interests exist.
Disclosure: The authors declare no conflict of interest.
Conflicts of Interest: No conflicts of interest have been declared.
The author D.V. declares no competing financial interest, H.S. is the inventor of ST-968 and related compounds (Stark et al.440).
No conflicts of interest disclosed.
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST The authors declare that there are no conflicts of interest.
Conflict of interest Kosuke Oishi and co-authors have no conflicts of interest.
Conflict of Interest Dr. Huseng Vefali, Dr. Yugandhar Manda, and Dr. Jamshid Shirani each declare no potential conflicts of interest.
Notes The authors declare the following competing financial interest(s): BDH, GM and TU are shareholders in Caldan Therapeutics.
Conflict of Interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
Conflict of interest The authors declare that there is no conflict of interest.
Potential competing interests : None.
Conflict of interest The authors declare no conflicts of interest.
Declaration of interest The authors have no relevant affiliations or financial involvement with any organization or entity with a financial interest in or financial conflict with the subject matter or materials discussed in the manuscript. This includes employment, consultancies, honoraria, stock ownership or options, expert testimony, grants or patents received or pending, or royalties.
Declaration of Conflicting Interests The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.
Competing Interests The authors declare that there is no conflict of interests regarding the publication of this paper.
Disclosure of conflict of interest None.
Conflicts of interest There are no conflicts of interest.
Declaration of interest The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest.
Conflict of interest: None declared
Conflict of Interest: No potential conflict of interest relevant to this article was reported.
Author Disclosure Statement No competing financial interests exist.
Disclosure statement The authors report no declarations of interest.
Conflicts of Interest: The author has no conflicts of interest to declare.
Declaration of Interest The authors report no conflicts of interest.
Conflicts of interest The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest.
Conflict of Interests The authors declare that there is no conflict of interests regarding the publication of this paper.
Disclosure statement No potential conflict of interest was reported by the authors.
Conflict of interest We have no conflicts of interest to declare.
Authors’ Disclosures of Potential Conflicts of Interest  No potential conflicts of interest relevant to this article were re- ported.
Conflicts of Interest: The authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.
The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest with the contents of this article.
Conflict of interest The authors have declared that no conflict of interest exists
Conflict of Interest The authors declare no conflict of interes
Conflict of interest: none declared.
Conflict of Interest: ‘None declared’.
Conflict of interest The authors have no conflict of interest related to this research to report.
Competing interests: The authors declare no competing financial interests.
The authors declare no competing financial interests
Declaration of interest P Martelletti has received honraria from ACRAF, Allergan, Electrocore, Novartis, Pfizer, Sanofi, SpringerOpen and Teva. The authors have no other relevant affiliations or financial involvement with any organization or entity with a financial interest in or financial conflict with the subject matter or materials discussed in the manuscript apart from those disclosed.
Conflicts of Interest RTL has founded WelTel International mHealth Society (a nonprofit organization) and WelTel Inc (a company) to help develop and scale the technologies to deliver the research-based services and has an interest in both organizations.
Competing interests The authors declare that they have no competing interest
Disclosure statement GB has received research support from Bristol Myers Squibb and Amgen, Inc. and consulted for Definicare, LLC and Medscape. No other potential conflict of interest was reported by the authors.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST DISCLOSURES Robert Stern has acted as an advisory board member for Biogen, Avanir Pharmaceuticals, and Amarantus BioScience Holdings; has received grants from Avid Radiopharmaceuticals and Amarantus BioScience Holdings; has acted as a paid consultant for Quest; and has received royalties from Psychological Assessment Resources for authorship of neuropsychological tests for work performed outside of the current study. Paul Jacobsen has acted as a paid consultant for Bayer Inc and Carevive Systems Inc and received research support from Pfizer Inc and Carevive Systems Inc for work performed outside of the current study. Hyman Muss has acted as an unpaid consultant for Pfizer Inc for work performed outside of the current study. Arti Hurria has received research funding from Celgene, Novartis, and GlaxoSmithKline and has acted as a paid consultant for Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals, Carevive Systems Inc, Sanofi, GTx Inc, and On Q Health for work performed outside of the current study. Claudine Isaacs has received a grant and personal fees from Genentech, a grant from Novartis, and a grant and personal fees
Disclosure statement: No competing financial interests exist
Conflict of interest No potential conflict of interest relevant to this article was reported
Conflicts of Interest: The authors declare no conflict of interest.
Declaration of Conflicting Interests The authors declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.
Conflicts of Interest Te authors declare that there are no conficts of interest.
Conflict of interest disclosure None.
Declaration of interest The authors declare that there is no conflict of interest that could be perceived as prejudicing the impartiality of the research reported.
Acknowledgments This study was initiated and funded by Astellas Pharma Inc.
Disclosures The authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose.
The authors have indicated that they have no other conflicts of interest with regard to the content of this article.
Author conflict of interest: none. Correspondence: Young Erben, MD,
Disclaimer Statement The authors declare no competing financial interests.
Conflicts of interest: None declared.
Conflict of Interests All of the authors declare that they have no conflict of inter- ests.
Conflict of interest The authors have declared no conflict of interest.
Competing Interests: The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
vDeclaration of Conflicting Interests The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.
Conﬂict of Interest Statement: The authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or ﬁnancial relationships that could be construed as a potential conﬂict of interest.
Conflict of interest statement None.
Declaration of interests The authors have declared that no conflict of interest exists.
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
Potential conflicts of interest. All authors: No reported conflicts of interest. All authors have submitted the ICMJE Form for Disclosure of Potential Conflicts of Interest. Conflicts that the editors consider relevant to the content of the manuscript have been disclosed.
Disclosures The authors have no financial conflicts of interest.
Disclosures: Authors have nothing to disclose.
The authors declare no competing financial interest.
Disclosures The authors declare they have no disclosures.
Disclosure All authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest to disclose.
The authors declare no financial assistance or any potential conflict of interest, real or perceived.
Conflict of interest The authors Massimo Valentino and Pietro Pavlica have no conflict of interest.
Conflicts of Interest: Hampel-Kalthoff C received funding from the association “Initiative Chronische Wunden e.V.”. Sommer R, Kalthoff B, Neht C, Scherfer E, Winkler M, Blome C declare no conflicts of interests.
Conflict of interest All authors have declared that they have no conflicts of interest.
Conflict of interest: The authors do not have any financial disclosures to make.
Conflict of Interest Two of the authors, T.O. and K.T., are conducting collaborative studies with Siemens Healthcare KK. One of the authors, K.M., is an employee of Siemens Healthcare KK; however, the studies are without financial support of this company and K.M. did not participate in data handling and its analysis. The other authors have no actual or potential conflicts of interest.
None of the authors had a conflict of interest to disclose.
Conflict of interest. A. Kepez, B. Mutlu, M. Degertekin, and C. Erol state that there are no conflicts of interest.
The authors declare no conflict of interests.
"Conflicts of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.
Conflict of interest PKB, AM, and CA declare that they have no competing interests.
None oftheotherauthorshaveidentified aconflict ofinterest.
Conflict of Interest None declared.
Declaration of interest The authors report no conflicts of interest.
The authors declare that there is no conflict of interests regarding the publication of this paper.
Financial Disclosure: None reported.
The authors report no conflicts of interest.
Duality of Interest. No potential conflicts of interest relevant to this article were reported.
Conflict of Interest J.F.G. is financially supported by Synthes – Johnson & Johnson Corporate, New Brunswick, New Jersey, and his payment from the company consists only of consultancy Tfees and research support. J.F.G. is financially supported by Stryker Corporate, Kalamazoo, Michigan, USA, and his payment from the company consists only of expenses for attending the French Hand Society.
Conflict of interest: The authors have no conflict of interest to declare
Funding and disclosure The authors declare no conflict of interest.
Conflict interest There are no conflicts of interest.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST The authors declare that there is no conflict of interest.
The author certifies that he, or any member of his immediate family, has no funding or commercial associations (eg, consultancies, stock ownership, equity interest, patent/ licensing arrangements, etc.) that might pose a conflict of interest in connection with the submitted article.
Declaration of interest The authors have no relevant affiliations or financial involvement with any organization or entity with a financial interest in or financial conflict with the subject matter or materials discussed in the manuscript. This includes employment, consultancies, honoraria, stock ownership or options, expert testimony, grants or patents, received or pending, or royalties.
Conflict of interest None of the authors have any conflict of interest. Nothing to disclose.
Conflict of interest: Disclosures can be found alongside the online version of this article at erj.ersjournals.com - (none found online)
COMPETING FINANCIAL INTERESTS The authors declare no competing financial interests.
Conflict of interest statement No conflict of interest.
Conflict of interest The authors have no conflict of interests.
The authors have no conﬂicts of interest to disclose.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest.
Conflicts of Interest: There is no competing of interest to declare.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST The authors declare no conflict of interest.
KER declares no conflicts of interest.
Disclosures: Max Wintermark—RELATED: Grant: ASNR,* ASFNR,* ACR,* Comments: paid to ASNR, not my institution; UNRELATED: Grants/Grants Pending: GE Health-care,* Philips Healthcare.* Christopher G. Filippi—UNRELATED:Consultancy: Regen-eron Pharmaceuticals, Syntactx,Comments: For both of these companies, I interpret MR images that are part of research trials; Grants/Grants Pending: NIH, Comments: Coinvestigator on NIH grant, 1R01CA161404-01A; Other: Co-Principal Investigator on Coulter Grant (software development) and coinvestigator on Irving Foundation Grant (new MR imaging sequence development) and mentor to Radiological Society of North American grant recipients (currently a medical student and a resident). Randy Horton—RELATED: Consulting Fee or Honorarium: American College of Ra-diology, Comments: I am a paid consultant to the ACR; Support for Travel to Meet-ings for the Study or Other Purposes: American College of Radiology, Comments:I am a paid consultant to the ACR, and they paid for my travel to the meeting where the information in this publication was first developed; Payment for Writing or Reviewing the Manuscript: American College of Radiology, Comments: The ACR compensated me for my review time on this manuscript. Yvonne W. Lui—UNRE-LATED: Grants/Grants Pending: NIH R01.* Meng Law—RELATED: Grant: Toshiba America Medical Systems*; Consulting Fee or Honorarium: Bracco Diagnostics.* Gordon Sze—UNRELATED: Expert Testimony: a very few legal firms. James Provenzale—RELATED:SupportforTraveltoMeetingsfortheStudyorOtherPurposes: ACR, Comments: support for travel to the ACR/ASNR workshop; UNRELATED: Grants/Grants Pending: US Department of Veterans Affairs.* Aaron Field—UNRE-LATED: Consultancy: Asterias Biotherapeutics (paid consultant); Grants/Grants Pending: NIH,* National MS Society,* Comments: Research grant support. Elisabeth Wilde—RELATED: Support for Travel to Meetings for the Study or Other Purposes: ACR, Comments: ASNR meeting for workshop related to work associated with this manuscript; UNRELATED: Grants/Grants Pending: NIH,* Department of Defense,* Veterans Administration,* Comments: Grants not associated with this work. Pratik Mukherjee—UNRELATED: Board Membership: GE Healthcare (Medical Advisory Board), RGN Neuroscience (Scientific Advisory Board); Grants/Grants Pending:G E Healthcare (research grant and industry contract)*; Stock/Stock Options: RGN Neu-roscience (stock options). *Money paid to the institution.
Disclosures Mark Peterson he has no conflict of interest. Peng Zhang declares that he has no conflict of interest. Palak Choksi declares that she has no conflict of interest. Kyriakos Markides declares that he has no conflict of interest. Soham Al Snih declares that he has no conflict of interest.
Declaration of Interest: The authors declare that there are no conflicts of inter-est.
Conflict of Interest Statement: The author declares that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.
Conflicts of Interest Hannah Blair is a salaried employee of Adis/ Springer, is responsible for the article content and declares no relevant conflicts of interest.
DISCLOSURE All authors disclosed no financial relationships relevant to this publication.
DISCLOSURE BY AJIM EDITOR OF RECORD Rodney Ehrlich declares that he has no conflict of interest in the review and publication decision regarding this article.
Declaration of interest The authors declare no conflict of interest.
Conflicts of Interest The Authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose.
Conflict of Interest The Authors declare that they have no conflict of interests.
The authors have no financial conflicts of interest.
Competing interests The authors declare no competing interest.
Conflict of interest All authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.
Competing Interests: The authors declare no competing interests.
Competing interests Material support for this study was provided by the Biolux Research Ltd. and the American Orthodontics. None of the sponsors (listed companies) had any role in the design or execution of this study. None of the authors have any financial interest in any of the prod-ucts or devices mentioned in this manuscript or any competing financial interests.
Competing Interests: KY and TS are employees of Shibata Eye Clinic. There are no patents, products in development, or marketed products to declare. This does not alter our adherence to all the PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.
Conflict of Interest Disclosures: None reported.
Conflict of interest On behalf of all authors, the corresponding author states that there is no conflict of interest
Conflicts of interest The authors declare no conicts of interest.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST The authors declare that they have no conflict of interests and all authors have read and approved the final draft.
Disclosures The authors no relevant financial interests in this paper.
Conflict of interest The authors have declared that no conflict of interest exists.
Disclosures The authors have nothing to disclose.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST No conflicts of interest related to this work.
Conflicts of Interest The authors have no conflicts of interest to declare.
Disclosures: The authors have no financial or conflicts of interest to disclose.
Conflict-of-interest disclosure: The authors declare no competing financial interests.
Declaration of interest The authors report no conflicts of interest. The authors alone are responsible for the content and the writing of the paper.
Competing Interests: The authors have read the journal’s policy and the authors of this manuscript have the following competing interests: AD Smith was a scientific consultant to CytOx, Ltd., at the time the study commenced. MM Esiri and Z Nagy are shareholders of CytOx, Ltd., (<1.5% each) and were consultants to the company at the time the study commenced. Z Nagy is the named inventor on the patent applications owned by the University of Oxford and the University of Birmingham. SC Yates, A Zafar, EM Rabai, J Foxall, S Nagy, S Christie, KE Morrison and C Clarke have declared that no competing interests exist. This does not alter the authors’ adherence to PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.
Conflict of interest The authors report norelationships that could be construed asa con-flict of interest.
Conflict of interest The authors have no financial interest/relation-ships with financial interest relating to the topic of this article have been declared.
Competing Interests: The authors KJM and LLC of this manuscript have the following competing interests: Competing financial interests, as the novel assay developed in this manuscript uses instrument provided by Nexcelom Bioscience LLC. This does not alter the authors' adherence to PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials. The authors SSS, AS and DAL have declared that no competing interests exist.
Conflict of interest The authors ha ve declared that no competing interests exist.
Disclosure Neither author has any conflicts of interest to disclose.
Conflicts of interest The authors disclose no conflicts.
Conflict of Interest The author declares no conflicts of interest.
Conflicts of Interest The authors declare that there are no conflicts of interest regarding the publication of this paper.
Competing interests: Nil.
Disclosures: Ryan Menard: I Have No Relevant Financial Relationships To Disclose
Conflict of Interest Prevention of retinopathy of prematurity by administering insulinlike growth factor 1 are covered by the patent owned by or licensed to Premacure AB, Uppsala, Sweden. A. H., D. L., I. H. P., and A. L. H. own shares in the company with financial interest in Premacure AB. A. H., D. L., I. H. P., B. H., and L. E. H. S. work as consultants for Shire Pharmaceuticals (Shire, Lexington, MA).
Conflict of Interest Peter Clifton and Jennifer Keogh declare no conflict of interest.
Declaration of interest During manuscript preparation, SA Byrnes began working at Intellectual Ventures Laboratory, Bellevue, WA, USA. The authors have no other rele-vant affiliations or financial involvement with any organization or entity with a financial interest in or financial conflict with the subject matter or materials discussed in the manuscript apart from those disclosed. Peer reviewers on this manuscript have no relevant financial or other relation-ships to disclose
Conflict of interest: none.
Disclosure Statement No conflict of interests exists.
Each author certifies that neither he, nor any member of his im-mediate family, has funding or commercial associations (consul-tancies, stock ownership, equity interest, patent/licensing arrangements, etc) that might pose a conflict of interest in con-nection with the submitted article.
Conflicts of Interest The authors declare no conflicts of interest in relation to this article.
Disclosure: Nothing to report.
Conflict of Interest CPK and JMU declare to receive a proportion of TOL-F license fees from the SCHUHFRIED GmbH due to authorship for the published TOL-F test materials (Kaller, Unterrainer, et al., 2012). RD and JE are employees of the SCHUHFRIED GmbH that maintains and commercially distributes the computerized TOL-F as part of the Vienna Test System. All other authors report no conflicts of interest.
Competing interests The authors declare that there are no competing interests associated with the manuscript.
The authors declare no financial or commercial conflict of interest.
Conflict of interest This work was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.
Declaration of conflicting interests The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.
Competing interests None.
Conflict of interest The authors declare no conflict of interest.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST The authors do not have any conflict of interest to declare.
Competing interests The authors declare no conflict of interest.
Declaration of conflicting interests The authors declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.
Conflict of Interest Disclosures: All authors have completed and submitted the ICMJE Form for Disclo-sure of Potential Conflicts of Interest. Dr Brüggemann reported that he has received grant support, consul-tant, and speaker fees from Pfizer, Merck Sharp, & Dohme, Astellas, and Gilead. No other disclosures were reported.
DISCLOSURE OF POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST The authors indicate no potential conflicts of interest.
Notes The authors declare no competing financial interest.
Competing interests: The authors received funding and research materials from Beijing Tongrentang Health-Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a commercial company, for this study. There are no patents, products in development or marketed products to declare. This does not alter our adherence to all the PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.
At the time of the study there were no conflicts of interest. The authors have no other funding, financial relationships, or conflicts of interest to disclose.
Conflict of Interest The authors declare no financial or commercial conflict of interest.
Conflict of interests The  authors  declare  that  they  have  no  conflict  of interest.
Disclosure Statement No competing financial interests exist.
Conflicts of Interest: The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest.
Declaration of Interest The authors report no conflicts of interest. The authors alone are responsible for the content and writing of the article.
DISCLOSURES No conflicts of interest, financial or otherwise, are declared by the authors.
Authors’ disclosures available online (http://j-alz. com/manuscript-disclosures/16-0946r2) .
Disclosure of interest The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest concerningthis article.
Conflicts of interest.—The authors certify that there is no conflict of interest with any financial organization regarding the material discussed in the manuscript
We declare no competing interests.
Competing Interests The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST The authors declare that there is no potential conflict of interest relevant to this article.
Confict of Interests None.
Conflicts of interest We confirm that there are no known conflicts of interest associated with this publication and there has been no significant financial support for this work that could have influenced its outcome.
Author conflict of interest: R.M. is a consultant for W. L. Gore & Associates.
Conflict of Interest Statement: The editor Jorge Mpodozis declares that, despite having collaborated on an article with authors Cristian Gutiérrez-Ibáñez and Andrew Iwaniuk in 2013, the review was conducted objectively. The authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.
Conflicts of interest C.J. and W.S. are employees of CSL Behring. The remaining authors have stated that they have no conflict of interest to declare.
Declaration of Conflicting Interests The author(s) declared the following potential con-flicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: L.M.V., L.C.-F., S.S.d.l.M., and J.C.A.-C. received payment for lecturing or travel expenses or research grants from Merck-Serono, Biogen, Sanofi-Genzyme, Roche, Bayer, and Novartis. The remaining authors declare no conflicts of interest.
Competing interests E.M.T.L. has received support from Actelion for speaking engagements. M.H. has relationships with the following companies: Actelion, Aires, Bayer, BMS, GSK, Novartis, Pfizer, and United Therapeutics. In addition to being an investigator in trials involving these companies, relationships include consultancy services and membership of scientific advisory boards. D.S.C. has received support from Actelion, including serving on the speaker bureau and funding for research.
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST The author declares no conflicts of interest.
Author Disclosure Statement Drs. Dickes, Summey, Mayo, Hudson, Sherrill, and Chen declare no conflict of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.
Confl ict of interest:  None.
Conflict of interest The authors declare no conflicts of interest. Financial disclosure The authors have nothing to declare.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST The authors declare no conflict of interest, financial or otherwise.
Conflicts of Interest:The authors declare no conflict of interest.
Conflict of interest statement The authors declare that there are no conflicts of interest.
Transparency declaration A. Kantele reports personal fees as a member of the board from Valneva 2016 Stockholm, and personal fees from lectures for Baxter, Crucell, GSK, Pfizer, PaxVax, MSD, Valneva; none are relevant for the present study. All other authors have no conflicts of interests to declare.
Conflicts of interest: The authors have no conflicts of interest to declare.
Conflict of interest The authors of this manuscript declare no relation-ships with any companies, whose products or services may be related to the subject matter of the article.
No competing interests declared
The authors declare no conflicts of interest.
Conflict of Interest The authors have no conflict of interests.
Conflict of interest statement. None declared.
Conflict of interest  S.H. Moon, K.H. Cho, C.-G. Lee, K. C. Keum, Y.-S. Kim, H.-G. Wu, J.H. Kim, Y.C. Ahn, D. Oh, and J.H. Lee state that there are no conflicts of interest.
Conflict of interest There was no conflict of interests in preparation and writing of this paper.
Disclosures None.
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest.
